DEAN -
An idea to foster students with all the knowledge the club members have is an extremely unique concept. For me, it is most important that students graduate with skills and experiences that will make them successful wherever they go. It gives me immense pleasure to know that 'MOZILLA CAMPUS CLUB' gives an insight into the range and scope of imagination to make students realize their technical interests. Mozilla Campus Club live up to the aspects of a great team making knowledge accessible to every technophile. I wish them good luck for their future ventures.
PRATHAMESH SIR-
Mozilla Campus Club @BV(DU)COEP put in their excellent efforts to impart knowledge about open source and other tech revolutions. I’ve seen all venturesome members of this group who left no stone unturned to bring this club to a place where it deserves to be. It’s really wonderful to see their dedication and zeal towards their club, from a small workshop to a super colossal event, they do almost everything with utmost perfection. The club has been an integral part of the Mozilla community and we are privileged to have them as one in our journey. Without any doubt, they have been recognized as the most active Mozilla campus Club in Pune.
ADARSH JHA - 
"It was the time when I was working for Mozilla Community as a graphic designer and heard about Mozilla clubs. I am a computer science engineer who fell in love with designing and followed my passion which is why I want my fellow mates to also follow their heart and learn more in the technical fields that suits them the best. Mine has been an amazing journey since the day I started the club. The experience and knowledge I acquired from my teammates is invaluable and will take forth it as I look forward to new challenges in life. This is where ‘Learn to Inspire’ hailed from.”
